dashboard/README.md, before:


# HTML code for the Covid-data dashboard

The use-case is for the code within the `<body>` tags to be pasted into a Google Sites instance.

The data gets sourced from [this](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16YiakYsj_PkZjN6PSnY-6xhUDBjEH4hWkcQQPIcxV3w) Google Sheets page.


To-do list:

[x] replace color code with vaccine availability, link here: https://www.amherstcovid19.org/vaccine
[x] put vaccine info above dashboard header
[ ] think how to deal with missing data - leave empty or fill out from the date before?
[x] add up/down arrow to "delta" number
[x] data as view-only, now implemeted as csv file 
[x] add data notes section at the end (amherst only, missing dates rolled over, last updated)
[ ] pull when was last updated from GSheets json
[ ] make responsive better, test on mobile
[ ] make graph less full-screen at its largest

Authors:

* Jennifer Strickland - `inkpixelspaper@gmail.com`
* Megan O'Rorke - `meganororke@gmail.com`
* Jan Overgoor - `jovergoor@usdigitalresponse.org`

Commit message:

sizing, arrow color and 3 columns

dashboard/README.md, after:


# HTML code for the Covid-data dashboard

The use-case is for the code within the `<body>` tags to be pasted into a Google Sites instance.

The data gets sourced from [this](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16YiakYsj_PkZjN6PSnY-6xhUDBjEH4hWkcQQPIcxV3w) Google Sheets page.


To-do list:

[x] replace color code with vaccine availability, link here: https://www.amherstcovid19.org/vaccine
[x] put vaccine info above dashboard header
[x] add up/down arrow to "delta" number
[x] data as view-only, now implemented as csv file
[x] add data notes section at the end (amherst only, missing dates rolled over, last updated)
[x] three rather than two columns
[x] make graph less full-screen at its largest
[ ] how to deal with missing data - leave empty or fill out from the date before?
[ ] pull when was last updated from GSheets json
[ ] make responsive better, test on mobile

Authors:

* Jennifer Strickland - `inkpixelspaper@gmail.com`
* Megan O'Rorke - `meganororke@gmail.com`
* Jan Overgoor - `jovergoor@usdigitalresponse.org`
